README.md, before:

# Vault Plugin: Stellar Secrets Backend

This is a backend secrets plugin to be used with Hashicorp Vault. This plugin manages secret keys for the Stellar blockchain platform.

## Usage

Assuming you have Hashicorp Vault installed, `scripts/dev.sh` is a helper script to start up Vault in dev mode and mount this plugin.
Vault will be listening on a private IP at 192.168.50.4:8200.

Once the plugin is mounted, you can start writing secrets to it.

### Log In To Vault

```
export VAULT_ADDR=http://192.168.50.4:8200
vault login
```


The token is "root" if you've used dev.sh to start Vault.

### Creating an Account

`vault write stellar/accounts/MyAccountName xlm_balance=50`

This will create a new account called "MyAccountName". The XLM balance is just a placeholder for now, 
it doesn't actually do anything since we're running on the Stellar testnet.

### Viewing an Account

`vault read stellar/accounts/MyAccountName`

### Creating a Signed Payment Transaction

`vault write stellar/payments sequenceNum=1 source=MySourceAccountName destination=MyDestinationAccountName amount=35`

This will return a signed transaction with a payment operation to send 35 XLM from MySourceAccountName to MyDestinationAccountName.

Commit message:

Added documentation on payment channels

README.md, after:

# Vault Plugin: Stellar Secrets Backend

This is a backend secrets plugin to be used with Hashicorp Vault. This plugin manages secret keys for the Stellar blockchain platform.

## Usage

Assuming you have Hashicorp Vault installed, `scripts/dev.sh` is a helper script to start up Vault in dev mode and mount this plugin.
Vault will be listening on a private IP at 192.168.50.4:8200.

Once the plugin is mounted, you can start writing secrets to it.

### Log In To Vault

```
export VAULT_ADDR=http://192.168.50.4:8200
vault login
```


The token is "root" if you've used dev.sh to start Vault.

### Creating an Account

`vault write stellar/accounts/MyAccountName xlm_balance=50`

This will create a new account called "MyAccountName". The XLM balance is just a placeholder for now, 
it doesn't actually do anything since we're running on the Stellar testnet.

### Viewing an Account

`vault read stellar/accounts/MyAccountName`

### Creating a Signed Payment Transaction

`vault write stellar/payments source=MySourceAccountName destination=MyDestinationAccountName amount=35`

This will return a signed transaction with a payment operation to send 35 XLM from MySourceAccountName to MyDestinationAccountName.

### Creating a Signed Payment Transaction Using a Payment Channel

`vault write stellar/payments source=MySourceAccountName destination=MyDestinationAccountName paymentChannel=MyPaymentChannelAccountName amount=35`

This will return a signed transaction with a payment operation to send 35 XLM from MySourceAccountName to MyDestinationAccountName. 
The account MyPaymentChannelAccountName will be used for sequence numbers, and 
will be added as a signer to the transaction.

## Running Tests

```
cd stellar
go test
```
